ansible: Add option to allow additional env vars (#2558)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: deployments/ansible/roles/collector/README.md

- `start_service`: Whether to restart the services installed by the playbook. (**default:** true)

> - `splunk_otel_collector_custom_env_vars`: Hash of custom environment variables from the

Reviewer: nit 
```suggestion
- `splunk_otel_collector_custom_env_vars`: Dictionary of additional environment variables from the
```

Author: @rmfitzpatrick Do you think I should also rename `splunk_otel_collector_custom_env_vars` to something like `splunk_otel_collector_additional_env_vars`?  Or maybe just `splunk_otel_collector_env_vars`?

Reviewer: I was thinking something similar but you documented a use case well enough to convince me not to ask :) . `additional_` is more accurate?
